



<span style="color:#0AA">@@ -3,4 +3,4 @@</span>

The expensive shops in a famous arcade near Piccadilly were just opening. At this time of the morning, the arcade was almost empty. Mr.Taylor, the owner of a jewellery shop was admiring a new window display. Two of his assistants had been working busily since eight o'clock and had only just finished. Diamond necklaces and rings had been beautifully arranged on a background of black velvet. After gazing at the display for several minutes, Mr.Taylor went back into his shop.

The silence was suddenly broken when a large car, with its headlights on and its horn blaring, roared down the arcade. It came to a stop outside the jeweller's. One man stayed at the wheel while two others with black stockings over <span style="color:#A00">their</span><span style="color:#0A0">theirs</span> faces jumped out and smashed the window of the <span style="color:#A00">shop with iron bars.</span><span style="color:#0A0">shop.</span> While<span style="color:#A00">this</span> was going on, Mr.Taylor was <span style="color:#A00">upstairs.</span><span style="color:#0A0">upstair.</span> He and his <span style="color:#A00">staff began</span><span style="color:#0A0">staffs were</span> throwing furniture <span style="color:#A00">out</span><span style="color:#0A0">outside</span> of the window. Chairs <span style="color:#A00">and tables went flying into the arcade.</span><span style="color:#0A0">.</span> One <span style="color:#A00">of the thieves</span><span style="color:#0A0">thevie</span> was <span style="color:#A00">struck</span><span style="color:#0A0">strucked</span> by a heavy statue, but he was too busy <span style="color:#0A0">to</span> helping himself to <span style="color:#A00">diamonds</span><span style="color:#0A0">diamond</span> to notice any pain.<span style="color:#A00">The raid was all over in three minutes, for the men scrambled back into the car and it moved off at a fantastic speed. Just as it was leaving, Mr.Taylor rushed out and ran after it throwing ashtrays and vases, but it was impossible to stop the thieves. They had got away with thousands of pounds worth of diamonds.</span>
